Pay Attention to These New SEO Trends in 2020

2020 may very well become a crucial year for SEO due to several reasons.
With voice search, Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality stepping into the Digital Marketing landscape, it’s important to take charge before things 
become overwhelming. Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) in 2020 is a technical, analytical and creative process to improve the visibility of a website in search engines. 
The primary function of SEO is to drive more unpaid useful traffic to a site that converts into sales. 

The SEO landscape is evolving with every 
passing day, week, month or year. Today, SEO is no longer about building spammy backlinks or ranking a website in a couple of weeks by stuffing keywords. 
In fact, as browsing habits change, you’ll need to keep your SEO techniques up to date. Google’s updates and algorithms have become more sophisticated 
and now can easily catch those who try to manipulate search results by practicing unethical marketing tactics. In other words, you have to be familiar 
with clever yet ethical trends that will influence search results in 2020.

SEO is important for digital marketers, website owners and brands of all sizes because, in a nutshell, it allows your site to appear in the search results 
when someone types or speaks a query for which you have an answer or solution. In other words, it increases a website’s visibility in the SERPs which leads 
to more organic traffic to your website. The dominance of mobile search will continue. 

Consider this: In 2019, 80% of Internet users used a mobile device to surf the web. About 40% of online transactions are also done on mobile. 
And with Google openly making an effort to improve the mobile search experience by implementing mobile-first indexing, there is no doubt that mobile search 
is now the king of the SEO landscape and will remain so in 2020 and beyond.


Website Design & Local SEO Services in Aruba
Web Design and SEO Company 
How to do SEO for a Static Website
The Ultimate Guide to On-Page SEO in 2020
Written by Allie Decker

Discover how on-page SEO can help your website rank higher, bring in more traffic, and convert more visitors

